add missing TiKV configuration items (#7182)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ The threshold for outputing slow logs. If the processing time is longer than this threshold, slow logs are output.
+ Default value: `"1s"`

### `memory-usage-limit`

> + The memory usage limit for the TiKV instance. When the memory usage of TiKV almost reaches this threshold, it can occupy some internal components (such as evicting cached Raft entries) to release memory.

Reviewer: + What does "almost" mean? It means the memory usage does not reach this threshold.
+ "occupy some internal components"? Does it mean "占用一些内部组件"？or "occupy the memory of some internal components"?
```suggestion
+ The limit on memory usage of the TiKV instance. When the memory usage of TiKV almost reaches this threshold, it can occupy some internal components (such as evicting cached Raft entries) to release memory.
```

Author: "almost" means the action will be triggered before the usage actually reaches the threshold.

> + Generally, you do not necessary to configure this configuration item explicitly, in which case the TiKV instance is set to use 75% of the total available system memory. Considering the behavior of `block-cache.capacity`, this means the rest 25% of memory is reserved for the OS page cache.

Reviewer: Does `block-cache.capacity` mean [`storage.block-cache.capacity`](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/47b5055d088b611829ee5599dd7fd6519c4010ae/tikv-configuration-file.md#capacity)?
```suggestion
+ In most cases, the TiKV instance is set to use 75% of the total available system memory, so you do not need to explicitly specify this configuration item. Considering the behavior of `block-cache.capacity`, this means the rest 25% of memory is reserved for the OS page cache.
```

+ The size of a log file that triggers log rotation. Once the size of a log file is bigger than the specified threshold value, log files are rotated. The old log file is placed into the new file, and the new file name is the old file name with a timestamp suffix.
+ Default value: "300MB"

### `memory-usage-limit`

> + Memory usage limit for the TiKV instance. Generally it's unnecessary to configure it explicitly, in which case it will be set to 75% of total available system memory. Considering the behavior of `block-cache.capacity`, it means 25% memory is reserved for OS page cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Memory usage limit for the TiKV instance. Generally it's not necessary to configure it explicitly, in which case it will be set to 75% of total available system memory. Considering the behavior of `block-cache.capacity`, it means 25% memory is reserved for the OS page cache.
```

+ Configuration items related to the server

### `addr`

> + Listening address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Listening IP address and port.
```

+ Default value: `"127.0.0.1:20160"`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
tikv-configuration-file.md: 83: MD012/no-multiple-blanks Multiple consecutive blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 2]
```

```suggestion
```

+ Optional value: `"write-only"`
+ Default value: `"write-only"`

## pd

### `endpoints`

> + PD endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ PD endpoints. Specify endpoints separated by commas.
```

+ Default value: `["127.0.0.1:2379"]`

### `retry-interval`

+ The interval at which to retry a PD connection initialization.
+ Default value: `"300ms"`

### `retry-log-every`

+ If the client observes an error, it can can skip reporting it except every `n` times.
+ Set to 1 to disable this feature.
+ Default value: `10`

### `retry-max-count`

+ The maximum number of times to retry a PD connection initialization.
+ Set to 0 to disable retry. Set to -1 for unlimited retry.

> + Default value: -1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `-1`
```

+ Optional value: `"write-only"`
+ Default value: `"write-only"`

## pd

### `endpoints`

+ The endpoints of PD. When specifying endpoints, you need to split them by commas.
+ Default value: `["127.0.0.1:2379"]`

### `retry-interval`

+ The interval for retrying to initialize the PD connection
+ Default value: `"300ms"`

### `retry-log-every`

+ When PD client observes an error, the client skips reporting the error except every `n` time.
+ To disable this feature, set `1`.
+ Default value: `10`

### `retry-max-count`

> + The maximum number of times to retry to initialize the PD connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum number of times to retry to initialize PD connection.
```

> + To disable retries, set `0`; to not limit the number of retries, set `-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ To disable the retry, set its value to `0`. To release the limit on the number of retries, set the value to `-1`.
```

+ After the number of ticks set by this configuration item passes, even if the number of residual Raft logs does not reach the value set by `raft-log-gc-threshold`, TiKV still performs garbage collection (GC) to these logs.
+ Default value: `6`
+ Minimum value: greater than `0`

### `raft-engine-purge-interval`

> + The interval of purging old log files to recycle disk space as soon as possible. Raft engine is a replaceable component, so the purging process is needed for some implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The interval for purging old TiKV log files to recycle disk space as soon as possible. Raft engine is a replaceable component, so the purging process is needed for some implementations.
```

+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `max-total-wal-size`

> + Max RocksDB WAL size in total

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Max RocksDB WAL size in total. This is the size of `*.log` files in the `data-dir`
```

Is there one setting or are there two? (`kv` and `raft`?)

+ The number of keys in the newly split Region. This value is an estimate.
+ Default value: `960000`

### `consistency-check-method`

> + The method for consistency check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the method of data consistency check.
```

> + For the consistency check of MVCC data, set `"mvcc"`; for the consistency check of raw data, set `"raw"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ For the consistency check of MVCC data, set the value to `"mvcc"`. For the consistency check of raw data, set the value to `"raw"`.
```

+ Default value: `"mvcc"`

## coprocessor-v2

### `coprocessor-plugin-directory`

> + THe path of the directory where compiled coprocessor plugins are located. Plugins in this directory are automatically loaded by TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The path of the directory where compiled coprocessor plugins are located. Plugins in this directory are automatically loaded by TiKV.
```

+ Default value: `4`
+ Minimum value: `2`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
tikv-configuration-file.md: 1383: MD012/no-multiple-blanks Multiple consecutive blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 2]
```

```suggestion
```

+ Default value: `2`
+ Minimum value: `1`

### `max-open-files`

> + The total number of files that RocksDB can open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The total number of files that RocksDB can open.
```

+ Default value: `40960`
+ Minimum value: `-1`

### `max-manifest-file-size`

> + The maximum size of a RocksDB Manifest file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum size of a RocksDB Manifest file.
```

+ Default value: `"20MB"`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `create-if-missing`

> + Determines whether to automatically create a DB switch

Reviewer: @tabokie Could you help explain what a DB switch is? Thanks!

+ Default value: `true`

### `enable-statistics`

> + Determines whether to enable the statistics of RocksDB

Reviewer: This config is under [raftdb] not [rockdb].

Author: Updated to `Raft RocksDB`.

+ Default value: `true`

### `stats-dump-period`

+ The interval at which statistics are output to the log
+ Default value: `10m`

### `wal-dir`

> + The directory in which Raft RocksDB WAL files are stored, which is the absolute directory path for WAL. **Do not** set this config the same as [`rocksdb.wal-dir`](#wal-dir).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The directory in which Raft RocksDB WAL files are stored, which is the absolute directory path for WAL. **Do not** set this configuration item to the same value as [`rocksdb.wal-dir`](#wal-dir).
```

> + If this configuration item is not set, the log files store in the same directory as data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ If this configuration item is not set, the log files are stored in the same directory as data.
```

+ If there are two disks on the machine, storing RocksDB data and WAL logs on different disks can improve performance.
+ Default value: `""`

### `wal-ttl-seconds`

> + The existing time of the archived WAL files. When the value is exceeded, the system deletes these files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies how long the archived WAL files are retained. When the value is exceeded, the system deletes these files.
```

+ Default value: `0`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: second

### `wal-size-limit`

+ The size limit of the archived WAL files. When the value is exceeded, the system deletes these files.
+ Default value: `0`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `max-total-wal-size`

+ The maximum RocksDB WAL size in total
+ Default value: `"4GB"`

### `compaction-readahead-size`

+ Controls whether to enable the readahead feature during RocksDB compaction and specify the size of readahead data.
+ If you use mechanical disks, it is recommended to set the value to `2MB` at least.
+ Default value: `0`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `writable-file-max-buffer-size`

+ The maximum buffer size used in WritableFileWrite
+ Default value: `"1MB"`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `use-direct-io-for-flush-and-compaction`

+ Determines whether to use `O_DIRECT` for both reads and writes in the background flush and compactions. The performance impact of this option: enabling `O_DIRECT` bypasses and prevents contamination of the OS buffer cache, but the subsequent file reads require re-reading the contents to the buffer cache.
+ Default value: `false`

### `enable-pipelined-write`

> + Controls whether to enable Pipelined Write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Controls whether to enable Pipelined Write. When this configuration is enabled, the previous Pipelined Write is used. When this configuration is disabled, the new Pipelined Commit mechanism is used.
```

+ Default value: `2`
+ Minimum value: `1`

### `max-open-files`

+ The total number of files that RocksDB can open
+ Default value: `40960`
+ Minimum value: `-1`

### `max-manifest-file-size`

+ The maximum size of a RocksDB Manifest file
+ Default value: `"20MB"`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `create-if-missing`

> + Determines whether to automatically create a DB switch

Author: ```suggestion
+ If the value is `true`, the database will be created if it is missing.
```

+ Default value: `true`

### `enable-statistics`

> + Determines whether to enable the statistics of RocksDB

Author: ```suggestion
+ Determines whether to enable the statistics of Raft RocksDB
```

+ Default value: `false`

### `enable-pipelined-write`

+ Controls whether to enable Pipelined Write. When this configuration is enabled, the previous Pipelined Write is used. When this configuration is disabled, the new Pipelined Commit mechanism is used.
+ Default value: `true`

### `allow-concurrent-memtable-write`

+ Controls whether to enable concurrent memtable write.
+ Default value: `true`

### `bytes-per-sync`

+ The rate at which OS incrementally synchronizes files to disk while these files are being written asynchronously
+ Default value: `"1MB"`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `wal-bytes-per-sync`

+ The rate at which OS incrementally synchronizes WAL files to disk when the WAL files are being written
+ Default value: `"512KB"`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `info-log-max-size`

+ The maximum size of Info logs
+ Default value: `"1GB"`
+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: B|KB|MB|GB

### `info-log-roll-time`

+ The interval at which Info logs are truncated. If the value is `0s`, logs are not truncated.

> + Default value: `"0s"`(which means logs are not truncated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `"0s"` (which means logs are not truncated)
```

+ Specifies how often TiKV rotates the data encryption key.
+ Default value: `7d`

> ### `enable-file-dictionary-log`

Reviewer 3: duplicated with below?

+ Default value: `MIN(CPU * 0.75, 32)`.
+ Minimum value: `1`

### `batch-size`

+ Number of ranges to backup in one batch.
+ Default value: `8`

> ### `sst-max-size`

Reviewer 2: ```
tikv-configuration-file.md: 1633: MD022/blanks-around-headings/blanks-around-headers Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "### `sst-max-size`"]
tikv-configuration-file.md: 1634: MD032/blanks-around-lists Lists should be surrounded by blank lines [Context: "+ When Backup region [a,e) siz..."]
```

```suggestion
### `sst-max-size`

```

+ When Backup region [a,e) size exceeds `sst-max-size`, it will be backuped into several Files [a,b), [b,c), [c,d), [d,e) and the size of [a,b), [b,c), [c,d) will be `sst-max-size` (or a little larger).
+ Default value: `"144MB"`

> ### `enable-auto-tune`

Reviewer 2: ```
tikv-configuration-file.md: 1637: MD022/blanks-around-headings/blanks-around-headers Headings should be surrounded by blank lines [Expected: 1; Actual: 0; Below] [Context: "### `enable-auto-tune`"]
tikv-configuration-file.md: 1638: MD032/blanks-around-lists Lists should be surrounded by blank lines [Context: "+ Automatically reduce the num..."]
```

```suggestion
### `enable-auto-tune`

```

+ Automatically reduce the number of backup threads when the current workload is high, in order to reduce impact on the cluster's performance during back up.
+ Default value: `false`

## backup.hadoop

### `home`

> + let TiKV know how to find the hdfs shell command. Equivalent to the $HADOOP_HOME enviroment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ let TiKV know how to find the HDFS shell command. Equivalent to the `$HADOOP_HOME` environment variable.
```

+ Default value: `8`
+ Minimum value: `1`

### `stream-channel-window`

+ The window size of Stream channel. When the channel is full, the stream is blocked.
+ Default value: `128`

## gc

### `batch-keys`

> + The number of keys to GC in one batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The number of keys to be garbage-collected in one batch
```

+ Default value: `512`

### `max-write-bytes-per-sec`

+ The maximum bytes that GC worker can write to RocksDB in one second.

> + If the value set to `0`, there is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ If the value is set to `0`, there is no limit.
```

+ Value range: `[1, CPU]`
+ Minimum value: `1`

### `batch-size`

> + The number of ranges to backup in one batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The number of data ranges to back up in one batch
```

+ Default value: `8`

### `sst-max-size`

> + When the size of a backup file with the region [a,e) is larger than `sst-max-size`, the file is backed up to several files with regions [a,b), [b,c), [c,d) and [d,e), and the size of [a,b), [b,c), [c,d) is same as that of `sst-max-size` (or slightly larger).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When the size of a backup file in the Region of `[a,e)` is larger than `sst-max-size`, the file is backed up to several files with regions `[a,b)`, `[b,c)`, `[c,d)` and `[d,e)`, and the size of `[a,b)`, `[b,c)`, `[c,d)` is the same as that of `sst-max-size` (or slightly larger).
```

+ Default value: `"144MB"`

### `enable-auto-tune` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.4.0</span>

+ Controls whether to limit the resources used by backup tasks to reduce the impact on the cluster when the cluster resource utilization is high. For more information, refer to [BR Auto-Tune](/br/br-auto-tune.md).
+ Default value: `true`

## backup.hadoop

### `home`

> + Allows TiKV to find the HDFS shell command. This configuration item has the same effect to the environment variable `$HADOOP_HOME`.

Reviewer: 是不是指定 HDFS shell command 的位置呢？

Author: Yes.

+ Default value: `""`

### `linux-user`

> + Allows TiKV to run the HDFS shell command under this linux user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the Linux user with which TiKV runs HDFS shell commands.
```

+ Value range: `[1, CPU]`
+ Minimum value: `1`

### `batch-size`

+ The number of data ranges to back up in one batch
+ Default value: `8`

### `sst-max-size`

> + When the size of a backup file in the Region of `[a,e)` is larger than `sst-max-size`, the file is backed up to several files with regions `[a,b)`, `[b,c)`, `[c,d)` and `[d,e)`, and the size of `[a,b)`, `[b,c)`, `[c,d)` is the same as that of `sst-max-size` (or slightly larger).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ For example, when the size of a backup file in the Region of `[a,e)` is larger than `sst-max-size`, the file is backed up to several files with regions `[a,b)`, `[b,c)`, `[c,d)` and `[d,e)`, and the size of `[a,b)`, `[b,c)`, `[c,d)` is the same as that of `sst-max-size` (or slightly larger).
```

+ If data is backed up to S3 and the backup file is larger than the value of this configuration item, [multipart upload](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_UploadPart.html) is automatically enabled. Based on the compression ratio, the backup file generated by a 96-MiB Region is approximately 10 MiB to 30 MiB.
+ Default value: 5MiB

## backup.hadoop

### `home`

> + Allows TiKV to find the HDFS shell command. This configuration item has the same effect to the environment variable `$HADOOP_HOME`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the location of the HDFS shell command and allows TiKV to find the shell command. This configuration item has the same effect to the environment variable `$HADOOP_HOME`.
```
